[DEVX-1941] Add docs for playwright-cucumber (#1483)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/web-apps/automated-testing/_partials/_advanced-cucumber-playwright.md

## Running Cypress-js with Playwright

> `saucectl` provides a way to run Cucumber-js test with Playwright. In this case, Cucumber-js is running as the test runner and using Playwright as the test framework. You need to specified Cucumber-js related [configuration](/web-apps/automated-testing/playwright/cucumber).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`saucectl` provides a way to run Cucumber.js tests with Playwright. In this case, Cucumber.js acts as the test framework, utilizing Playwright as the automation framework. This setup requires a dedicated Cucumber.js + Playwright [configuration](/web-apps/automated-testing/playwright/cucumber).
```

> `saucectl` provides a way to run Cucumber-js test with Playwright. In this case, Cucumber-js is running as the test runner and using Playwright as the test framework. You need to specified Cucumber-js related [configuration](/web-apps/automated-testing/playwright/cucumber).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`saucectl` provides a way to run Cucumber-js tests with Playwright. In this case, Cucumber-js is running as the test runner and using Playwright as the test framework. To run Cucumber-js tests with Playwright you'll need to specify the [Cucumber-js related configurations](/web-apps/automated-testing/playwright/cucumber).
```

> `saucectl` provides a way to run Cucumber.js tests with Playwright. In this case, Cucumber.js acts as the test framework, utilizing Playwright as the automation framework. This setup requires a dedicated Cucumber.js + Playwright [configuration](/web-apps/automated-testing/playwright/cucumber).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`saucectl` provides a way to run Cucumber.js tests with Playwright. In this case, Cucumber.js acts as the test framework, utilizing Playwright as the automation framework. Running Cucumber-js tests with Playwright requires a dedicated  [configuration](/web-apps/automated-testing/playwright/cucumber).
```
